refining COVID-19 and OSG computation pages (#74)
opensciencegrid/opensciencegrid.github.io: _about/computation.md

3. Software dependencies can be staged with the job (statically-linked binaries are ideal), and more complex software can distributed via containers, or installed on the read-only distributed OASIS filesystem with support from OSG staff. OSG can support some licensed software where compilation allows execution without a license (like Matlab, Matlab-Simulink, etc.), or where licenses still accommodate multiple jobs and are not node-locked.
4. Input and output data _for each job_ should be <20 GB to allow for distribution across sites in OSG and back to the submit node. Note that the OSG does not have a global shared filesystem across sites. Projects with many TBs of data can be distributed with significant scalability, beyond the capacity of a single cluster, if each of numerous jobs access subsets of the data.

The following are examples of computations that are not good matches for OSG:

> 1. Multi-node computations requiring frequent inter-node communication (e.g. MPI-based multi-node communication), will not work well on OSG due to the distributed nature of the infrastructure. (Complex worflows expressed as inter-related - but independent - jobs are quite feasible, though, and the OSG's HTCondor job scheduler supports several worflow tools.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Multi-node computations requiring frequent inter-node communication (e.g. MPI-based multi-node communication), will not work well on OSG due to the distributed nature of the infrastructure. Complex worflows expressed as inter-related - but independent - jobs are quite feasible, though, and the OSG's HTCondor job scheduler supports several worflow tools.
```

Parentheses seem unnecessary here

> 2. Computations requiring that executing jobs access data via a shared filesystem will not work, as there is no shared filesystem between the different clusters on OSG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Computations with jobs requiring access data via a shared filesystem will not work, as there is no shared filesystem between the different clusters on OSG.
```

> 3. Computations requiring restrictive licensing are not a good fit, unless the licenses allow a single user's jobs to distribute the software to multiple running instances, without pre-registering the execute nodes or installation of the software on those nodes. (Note that while containers can make complex software dependencies more portable, the OSG's open distribution of containers may violate some software licenses requiring that a single user download and not share the software.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Computations requiring restrictive licensing are not a good fit, unless the licenses allow a single user's jobs to distribute the software to multiple running instances, without pre-registering the execute nodes or installation of the software on those nodes. Note that while containers can make complex software dependencies more portable, the OSG's open distribution of containers may violate some software licenses requiring that a single user download and not share the software.
```
